Create npm Continuity Policy (#1483)
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council: project-resources/npm-continuity-policy.md

# OpenJS npm Continuity Policy

## Summary

This policy is intended to ensure that OpenJS npm Organizations remain accessible and manageable.

It addresses the following use cases:

* Managing projects and users when maintainers are inactive or unreachable  
* [Deprecating packages](https://docs.npmjs.com/deprecating-and-undeprecating-packages-or-package-versions) when maintainers are no longer reachable  
* Adding or removing npm Organization members in emergency situations

# Continuity Options for Projects

### Option 1: Add an OpenJS Continuity Account to your npm Organization(s) and/or Packages**

> If you select this option a new, dedicated OpenJS account will be created specifically for your Project. This account will be managed by the OpenJS Executive Director (Robin Ginn, [@rginn](https://github.com/rginn)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select this option a new, dedicated OpenJS account will be created specifically for your Project. The OpenJS Executive Director will manage this account.
If your project already has a dedicated continuity account in place, share the credentials securely (ideally a shared password manager) with the Executive Director.
```

We should refrain from naming individuals in policy documents. Adding the option for a continuinity account that might already be in place.

Author: @mcollina I'll defer to @bensternthal on this, since he put these entries in where they are (I just cleaned up the formatting).

Author: Approving based on @bensternthal 's commentary in #1482
